# Sample-Food-For-All-Website
Insecure website based on my idea
This is a project made so that the people who can’t afford food who unfortunately exist in reality in very poor villages such as those of Bihar, etc can get food. This website is not a very practical one as I hadn’t added one feature that could make a software made out of my idea much practical. Actually I need to make an app version of this to make the software more practically usable. The reason I said so is since alarm can be integrated to a mobile app which is more better and useful to serve the purpose than integrating an alarm to a website. The idea behind the working of my project is 100% original. So before trying to understand it don’t try to link it with a working of any existing system that also would primarily be serving the same purpose. For Example:- Thaagam Foundation, etc. 
One thing to note: this project’s attached code in github is highly insecure. I, myself am a btech student who self taught web dev in a few months span. I did not learn everything. So note that it is not safe from url tampering. Hackers can easily manipulate this system. However one thing that stands is the core idea is conveyed well.
There are three variables declared X, Y and max_X throughout my code. X and max_X is 0 if there are only volunteers in the restaurant. Suppose there are employees. Such employees would have to be extremely poor perhaps a roadside homeless beggar who was trained to use a mobile to be an employee. If there are such people working in restaurant the admin can add the needs of them in the website. The employees are not encouraged to get food tthrough the software ordering  for themselves however. Each need added has an estimate associated with it. The needs added by the admin are made visible for all users of software to see, which leads to transparency. A sample need is feed wife, 1 child and himself 1 day expense + miscellaneous expenses. The estimate attached to such a need would vary depending  on number of dependents including employee. More the dependents more would be the estimate. If there are people who are not volunteers the following is what would happen between 23:55 and 00:05. Between 23:55 and 00:00 any money credited in a bank is withdrawn, the money is distributed to the employees. Between 00:00 and 00:05 the admin adds needs if any through software. First let me say about the initial value of all variables at the very beginning this starts working if it ever does after being deployed. Initial state is X=Y=max_X=0. If there is no employee but only volunteers then X=max_X=0 always. First day resturant starts working, between 00:00 and 00:05 if there are employees then the admin adds their needs for just the first day. State after addition of needs at 00:05 is X=max_X=sum of estimate of needs, Y=0. Now at 00:05 just after admin added needs the bank balance is 0. Each time a person donates freely without buying anything or not freely after buying something throughout the first day until 23:55 incase there are employees X, Y changes but max_X is the same. Suppose max_X=X at 00:05 after addition of needs is 500. Y at 00:05 is 0 as mentioned if there are no volunteers. Say a person gets something whose cost price is 10 rupees and donates 20 rupees between 00:05 and 23:55 of first day. Then max_X=500, X=490, Y=0. Now there is 10 rupees for the people involved in restaurant who are employees. If a person gets free food whose cost price is 15 rupees next. Then max_X=500, X=500, Y=5. Here 5 rupees can be coined as food debt. Bank balance for employees’ needs satisfaction of one day = max_X-X = 0 when max_X=500, X=500, Y=5 along with a food debt. It is very important to clear Y. That is why I was talking of alarm before. The alarm can play whenever Y is not 0. A person is said to have donated not freely if anything was brought from restaurant through software along with donation. Now say suppose a person donates freely 400 rupees next. Now first Y is cleared, then remaining amount is used to clear X or reduce it. So now the state would be max_X=500, X=105, Y=0. Say now a person donates 200 next. Now since X+Y<amount donated. Amount donated – X – Y is refunded. Now max_X=500, X=0, Y=0. Bank balance is 500. Now if 10 genuinely poor people come and get free food next by restaurant staff ordering what ever was given for them the following happens. Assume the cost price of free food for all those 10 people is 50. Now X is incremented by 50 from 0. Y is still 0. Bank balance for employees is 450 now. So you can see that the alarm I am talking off is only played if even the cost price of food can’t be afforded as there is 0 bank balance. Between 23:55 and 00:00 max_X-X is taken from bank and is given to the employees. Assume at 23:55 the status of X is 10. Then 490 is withdrawn and donated to the employees. Between 00:00 and 00:05 of the next day bank balance is 0. Needs if exist are added of that day by admin through software. Say the sum of estimate of needs added for that day is again 500. After addition of needs at 00:05 X=max_X=500+(X at 23:55 the previous day)=500+10=510, Y=0. One thing  to note is money needed to buy gas cylinder or induction cooktop of firewood to cook is also added by admin when required certain days. The need estimate of such needs are also stored in max_X. If there are no needs for a day and there were employees or there are still employees involved then between 00:00 and 00:01 the admin can click at a button that re estimates the funds. Present value of X when button is clicked is set to max_X on clicking that button. This is a brief explanation of X,Y,max_X model made by me.



